at 74 you'll also get threat of this
that's what the fuck is that caesarean
don't fuck would just write in their
words roiling blood causes blood bigger
oh my god here we go here we go causing
AOE shadow damage and a flick oh I hate
them and their abilities are so hard to
say corpse explosion detonates the near
it's so hard corpse explosion detonates
the nearest disease written shadow
damage as well as inflict oh so hard to
say outbreak instantly affects your
target with blood plague and frost
vaguer tier 2 of the death knight talent
tree will allowed you why does this
happen to me oh uh ok back ah ok Lynch
Barbie causes you because is because is
fuck Lynch born causes you be oh it's so
hard to say Lynch born because if I say
that again I'm going to kill someone
Lynch won't be cut oh because this is
not a word Lynch form Lich oh my god war
is this so difficult to Sir Ian do why
is it so hard I knew this was going to
be difficult large anti-magic zone that
protects party or raid members from 75%
spell damage for 10 seconds or or until
it's absorbed too much damage ok ah ok
I'm done out oh my god I can't do this
for 10 strip I can't talk what is the
deal i literally can't speak today so
annoying so annoying
so annoying um that's advocate limits
dia that's advocate limits the moving oh
my god please stop with the not being
able to talk that's advocate is a
mobility talent that doesn't allow you
to drop down to less than oh my god
please stop please stop des advocate
limits the movement vampiric blood
increases your maximum health by fifteen
percent and your healing taken by twenty
shirt Bach shit shit fuck fuck oh my
gosh please stop with not being able to
talk death coil frost strike rune strike
death coil frost strike rune strike
runic empowerment gives you a forty five
percent chance to randomly activate a
depleted room whenever you use death
coil frost strike or rune strike oh man
nice one last one runic corruption
gorfeins grass can beat at gore veins
grasp can be oh my gosh I can do this
remorseless winter is a frost AOL oh oh
my gosh stop I know what it does I just
keep saying it properly ah okay all
right remorseless winter and take 52
upon the fifth tick the start thus
target did I seriously just say stark it
wow wow wow so close so close six
seconds done okay protecting you from
crowd control abilities and also doing
shadow damage to all enemies use son of
a bitch I'm sure you just turned off
I'll kill you one second for 10 seconds
and it looks like that's my cue guys
thanks for tuning it oh come on violet
violet stop violet come on stop Oh
violet seriously you know him I
literally just finished